Cypress Automation
This repository contains the Cypress test automation suite for the CareValidate task management web application. 
It includes the configuration, test cases, and reporting needed for automated testing of the application.


Contents
cypress/: Contains all Cypress-related files.
integration/: Contains test files.
fixtures/: Contains test data and mock responses.
plugins/: Contains plugins configuration for Cypress.
support/: Contains custom commands and global configuration.
cypress.json: Cypress configuration file.
.github/: Contains GitHub Actions workflows.
workflows/ci.yml: CI/CD configuration for running Cypress tests.
lighthouse-report.html: Performance report generated by Lighthouse.
README.md: Documentation for setting up and running the tests.
test-plan.md: Test plan document detailing test cases and strategies.
performance-report.md: Brief report on performance and accessibility findings with recommendations.

Getting Started:

Prerequisites
Node.js (version 18.x or later)
npm (Node Package Manager)

Setup

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/Cypress_Automation.git
cd Cypress_Automation

Install dependencies:
npm install

Running Tests
To run the Cypress tests locally:

Open Cypress Test Runner:npx cypress open

Run Tests in Headless Mode:

npx cypress run


This command will execute the tests in headless mode and generate a test report.

CI/CD Pipeline
This repository uses GitHub Actions to automatically run tests on each commit. The workflow configuration is located in .github/workflows/ci.yml.

Test Plan
Refer to the test-plan.md for detailed test cases, scenarios, and strategies.

Performance and Accessibility
Refer to the performance-report.md for insights into performance and accessibility findings, along with recommendations.

Contributing
Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests. For detailed guidelines, refer to the project's contributing guidelines.

## Test Documents

- [Test Plan Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E-L7ZYaGDgmuQrMgj89GaIrZespInqtQxqjeZ-XRhTo/edit)
- [Performance Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UvB7jCNgDB6Zc88Zmt2JKEsz6cHtcyuYHx2tuqFPitY/edit)
- [Test Cases Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19KWEUcWwndr4LDnxxRrJV3rHL4oNSZz76igwbAXMUXA/edit?gid=0#gid=0)






